---
layout: single
title:  "Note 08/07/2017: Hope That We Will Never Regret"
date:   2017-08-07 00:00:00
categories: Diary
---

# This will be the year that I burden the most pressure since I know what is pressure

Just now I saw a friend's moments on Wechat, which said that "It seems that I still have opportunity to be a PhD", and several screenshots are attached, which are his e-mails with two Professors in UC Irvine. The professors said "I encourage you to apply our PhD program. I always have open position for good students". This reminds me of my dream last year: to be a PhD. However right now I have stopped to think about that, and the most important thing I am facing with is to find a decent job in US.

One hour ago I paid $3700 for a training program where I can learn 6 Software Engineering projects. Before this I have already spent $6500 on another class teaching algorithms. All of these expenses are used for changing my career, although I have never thought that this will be such a tough path. In order to save this money I decided to graduate in advance to avoid paying the tuition fee for one more quarter. This is dangerous: my OPT will start no later than May 2018. However, due to the lack of money I have no choice.

I must find a job, and I don't think I have any turning chances. This is for myself, for my parents, and for Olivia. I have a picture which was taken on a subway, where a middle aged woman in outdated clothing was reading a JAVA WEB tutorial book. I think except for age, I am quite similar with her.

Hope that we will never regret for what we choose today. Hope that in the future when we look back, we can have a simile. I am willing to burden any pressure, as long as they are meaningful and will pay off.